Add Storybook (#114)
tendermint/vue: packages/template/README.md

> ## App UI Boilerplate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## App UI Template
```

> Cosmos DAAP boilerplate. Created as a boilerplate to help you easly bootstrap yours app and check the `@starport/vue` components overview and docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)-based web app template for your Cosmos SDK blockchain. Use it to quickly bootstrap your app. Check out components in `@starport/vue` and the docs to learn more.
```

@barriebyron if you could look into text changes in this PR that'd be great 🙏

> [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)-based web app template for your Cosmos SDK blockchain. Use it to quickly bootstrap your app. Check out components in `@starport/vue` and the docs to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)-based web app template for your Cosmos SDK blockchain. Use the template to quickly bootstrap your app. To learn more, check out the components in `@starport/vue` and the [Starport documentation](https://docs.starport.network/).
```

> ### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Compiles and reloads the app on save for development
```

Reviewer 2: is "hot reloads" universally understood? What we mean is that the app is reloaded on save, right?
